# Database file structure

[Back](../README.md)

This file explains the file structure for an athlete in GoldenCheetah.

An athlete's folder is located in the root folder of the GoldenCheetah database, at the same level as the general configuration files.

## Athelte's folder

Inside the athlete's folder we can find the following directories:

- **activities**: contains the json files generated by GC for each activity.
- **bak**: contains backup copies of the activity json files.
- **cache**: contains `cpx` files for each activity and a `rideDB.json` file with all metrics, segments, etc. for each activity.
- **calendar**:
- **config**: athlete-specific configuration files.
- **downloads**:
- **imports**:
- **logs**: contains log files for some tasks, like climb searching.
- **media**:
- **planned**:
- **quarantine**:
- **records**:
- **snippets**:
- **temp**:
- **tempActivities**:
- **workouts**:

### Config folder

Contains the athlete's specific configuration files:

- **analysis-layout.xml**:
- **athlete-general.ini**:
- **athlete-layout.ini**:
- **athlete-prefecences.ini**:
- **athlete-private.ini**:
- **autoimpmort.xml**:
- **avatar.png**:
- **bodymeasures.json**:
- **charts.xml**:
- **diary-layout.xml**:
- **home-layout.xml**:
- **hrvmeasures.json**:
- **hr.zones**:
- **metadata.xml**:
- **namedsearches.xml**:
- **power.zones**:
- **routes.xml**: all the segments created by the user.
- **run-hr.zones**:
- **run-pace.zones**:
- **run-power.zones**:
- **seasons.xml**:
- **swim-pace.zones**:
- **train-layout.xml**:

#### routes.xml

This file contains a list of all the segments created by the user. The structure is:

```xml
<routes>
    <route>
        <name>La Campa (por Villaviciosa)</name>
        <id>{cb6233a5-366f-46c4-bec6-c3a38aff714}</id>
        <points>
            <point><lat>42.8058</lat><lon>-5.64202</lon></point>
            ...
        </points>
    </route>
    <route>
        ...
    </route>
</routes>
```

However, there's no information about the activities containing each route (segment).
